I moved a lot when I was in the military and I'm really happy about that
because you keep hearing about America and how it's different in
different places. So, I got to visit the four corners of America and
I got to see the different lifestyles. So, I grew up in Alabama which
is, like, down south in a black community. Everybody around me, my
neighbors, everyone was black and then, you know, you go to school
that's mixed but I got to see that. I grew up some of my time in Flint,
Michigan which is a very urban place but it's on the poorer side.
So, that glove part, you know, I know all about that. And when I
joined the military, then my first school was in Charleston, South Carolina
which is another down south place but I got to see, you know,
it's little bit more mixed. Then I went up to New York, Albany which
is nice green country and I got to visit 'The New York City', you
know, very often so that was really cool for me, to visit such a famous
place. Later on, I got stationed in San Diego and it's super hot,
well, it's good temperature, it can be very hot as opposed to New
York which was freezing cold and it's a very big city. You know, it's
my style of, I'm not a country backwards boy, you know, like, climbing
mountains and hunting. I am a city guy myself. So, I got to see
San Diego which is, like, I'm from California originally so that's
up my tree. And then, I finally got to visit Bremerton, Washington
which is in the middle of Washington state and it's kind of country,
you can own bigger houses there, you know, for much cheaper. So, it's
much less expensive than California and I knew a lot of people who
used to be Californians but then they, you know, changed over to Washington
because the life is a lot easier. They liked having a five
bedroom house with a big green yard for the kids to play in and nice
and quiet neighborhoods, you know, so, a lot of people change. So,
I got to see all those and eventually, I realized out of all the places
that I visited in America, I'm a California guy.